[Applause]
it seems crazy but you must believe
there's nothing calculated nothing
please forgive me if I seem nice
I would never
[Music]
not be good for you
[Applause]
[Music]
like this 20 sec not to say hello
these creatures I'm talking to me
[Music]
for you I'd be surprised
you
I can't understand you perfectly and I
look what I hear what I see your knowing
me I would be good
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm not talking over a frantic Tommy
finish line
creeping home before again
is not the reason
on July
[Applause]
[Music]
you
will you stop it at the engine you were
serving it was lovely it much classes
okay Craig we'll start with you
yeah I really loved the storytelling
number one I mean you made that into a
three act play which was fantastic
really right they disappointed or not I
did feel a little bit let down actually
now any because I think it just lacked
of just a small amount of attack and
particularly on your bow sorry that was
satya T that knows shuttle day I'm talk
about I don't think I don't think I
don't think Craig is feeling himself
tonight right please don't look at Mary
Ari
well without doubt Alicia you are one of
the best storytellers we have ever had
on
[Applause]
seduction and longing and I think the
nation would absolutely feel that drawn
to you but on your scissor lift your
knees were just bent and sometimes the
caressing of the floor was not as
perfect as I would like it to be and Len
and Bruno before you say anything I
respect your opinion ending now you do
it respect your opinion even though
sometimes it's wrong may the Argentine
tango is about the flirtiness of it yeah
coming up side of the nut - it's tapping
him on the shoulder so come on come on
Big Boy that was acting like
[Applause]
okay okay and you're always right Lin
sorry which is I said okay brew them but
yummy that was so focused the
irresistible power of subtle seduction
it was placed it was done extremely well
you never loved your performance all the
way through it was great great great
revel Hobart 909 then Goodman
[Applause]
Thank You mr. ten